[OSDOCS#17176]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-2 (#114253)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/container_security/security-monitoring.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> The ability to monitor and audit an {product-title} cluster is an important part of safeguarding the cluster and its users against inappropriate usage. There are two main sources of cluster-level information that are useful for this purpose: events and logging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Monitoring and auditing an {product-title} cluster is an important part of safeguarding the cluster and its users against inappropriate usage. There are two main sources of cluster-level information that are useful for this purpose: events and logging.
```
